Hello, hello, hello Lydian, hello Andreas.

I am in the middle of a shamanic experience and I just had a direct contact with the river

and I wanted to share with you the energy that just happened.

I met with the spirit of the river, one of them.

And what happened is that I seated by and my feet started to get cold.

And then I remembered a message I think Wim Hof shared one story.

And he feels that he's called to the court.

Like a drawing.

And my bupunet was on the bridge.

And I don't know if you saw the film La Belle Verte.

And in this film they communicate from one planet to another planet by putting their

feet in cold water.

And the message is sent.

And it was very funny because I felt the urge to put my feet in the river.

And when I had them in the river, who was on the other side of the phone?

My baby.

A very funny experience.

The original question of this Shamanic day was, "Why am I so angry all the time?"

I just renamed the question, am I having a maniac period?

And I just wanted to share with you because I have no idea of how it is going to work.

But what I can see in the energy is that having placed my two feet in the cold, drains

the energy, the excess of energy in a way that seems to be very interesting.

On the other hand, I just spend the whole day in the garden preparing to plant,

and I can feel the energy flowing from the ground also.

So it's very interesting to feel that I am planting plants and I am planting myself in the ground.

And it seems an interesting way to regulate energy being part of nature, not just outside.

So I have no idea what the results will be, but I wanted to share that with you.

you, and to tell you that I met one spirit of the cold, a very funny guy, shy, but with

a lot of warming and I felt in his spirit a kind of remembrance of what I experienced

with you the first weekend.

So I wanted to share this with you.

And I wanted to send you a lot of love and a lot of energy

going through all the hard times that you are facing.

Thank you very much.

Love you.

See you soon.

[sound of wind]

[BLANK_AUDIO]

