Hello Simone. We are Amy and Adrian, we are in France and we have been following

your work for the last two years and we read all your books. And we deeply resonate

with what you say because we experience it and because we live by the same rules

we are trying to help those who help others.

We believe that there is nothing more important than the way we interact with

each other and we are living example of that in our own family, in with our

child Gaya. We are currently trying to write a book

that is named in the eyes of the Father, explaining how the way we look, the way we

see is the way we value and in our eyes we show others their own value and by

this way we create mutual appreciation and we grow.

We have been developing programs to teach that but we are struggling. We are

struggling for the same reason you clearly describe as the iceberg. We have

been working on that for over 20 years now and basically what people can see of

of our work is one centimeter on top of the water with two kilometers of ice

under. We need help. We need help to find a way to be seen to share this message.

We truly believe in the infinite game and we are working to spread a message

that can outlive who we are, because we believe that we can change the world that way.

We believe that by changing consideration in the relationships, the world can evolve

and love can grow. And richness, wealth, can be found in a much different way.

way. Value and treasure is seen in the nature and in the way that the energy communicates

with each other. And we have been able to observe in a very detailed way how, by changing

the way we look and the way we behave, the energy flows in a much different way and the

life lives much better.

That's what we are fighting for.

We are fighting for the life to live.

And we have found tremendous amount of inspiration in your work and we have used it quite a lot.

gave us vocabulary and clear understanding, many, many, many, many

mechanisms on how to build trust and all the examples that you gave from the army

are invaluable to us. We would like to meet you. We cannot travel now because our

our child is only five months old and it would be very complicated. But we live in the south

of France in a very very beautiful region and we would love to have you come over, spend

some time with us and we believe that in this meeting and this interaction something incredible

take shape and we could build something else to spread this message in a much

different scale to reach millions of people. We hope that we will have the

chance and the honor to receive you here and have a great pleasure to spend

some time with you. See you very soon Simon!

[BLANK_AUDIO]

